# U1.W2: Chrome Dev Tools Challenge Reflection

* Describe the Document Object Model? What about it makes sense to you? What doesn't? What seems good and bad about it?
* How did using Chrome Web Tools to look at your site and a wordpress.com site compare?
* Did you find Chrome Web Tools fun, helpful, or a pain to work with?
* Did you have an "aha" moments or were any concepts solidified?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

The Document object model is way for developers to look at the objects of a webpage in a tree like structure with all objects belonging to a parent object.  This lets us view the various places we want to access in the page to make changes and debig/troubleshoot.  The conecpt is still not totally clear, but I do understand the concept of seperating the DOM so we can make changes to our page outside of the server.  I think that is the coolest part of dev tools is that we can make realtime changes and also keep o record of the changes we make(similar to git), but we do not have to commit to any of those changes to see the outcomes as you would if you were viewing on your browser.  The Network tab functionality to test the various file speeds also is a great resource for optimizing your pages layout, content, and file structure.  The videos we watch on dev tools were a perfect resource.  They were simple, well made, and concise.  I didnt have as much time as I wanted to play around with all of the functions or to look for extra resources outside of the curriculum, but I think I got a good general overview of devtools.

When comparing my blog to that of a wordpress blog I notice a few things.  One is that mine doesnt have any images which definately makes the visual appeal of a blog stand out.  I also do not have any functionality for leaving replies.  After noticing a more professional looking site, I think my time and post info features are much too large and crowding my page.  It really is amazing that after only practicing html and css for a solid week I can look at code and get a sense of how it will render on a page without seeing it in the browser and that is what made devtools very fun to work with for me.  Overall I can see why we are learning about dev tools, it seems like an amazing resource that every developer should be fluent with.