## 5. [HTML/CSS Solo Challenge](5_HTML_CSS_solo_challenge/readme.md) Reflection

* What questions did you ask during this challnge? What resources did you find to help you answer them?  
* What concepts are you having trouble with, or did you just figure something out? If so, what?  
* Did you learn any new skills or tricks?
* How confident are you with each of the Learning Competencies for this challenge? 
* Which parts of the challenge did you enjoy?
* Which parts of the challenge did you find tedious?

I enjoyed this challenge quite a bit, but it was a bit difficult for me.  I set a goal of getting my drop down menus on the horizontal navbar correct while trying not to use any resourses as the handbook indicates. I really like the drop down functionality --being that space on the page isn't being taken up while the user does not want to navigate with those links.  It took me a long time to figure out the exact syntax of the css code in order to get the code to point to the element I wanted.  Example - ul#navmenu li:hover > a. Trying to get the parent element and child element correct while pointing to the link-- this did help me seperate my code into divs and classes -- I hope I am using them correctly, but eventually I got it to function the way i hoped. After consulting some code I had written in the past I was able to figure out some of my sticking points-- I'm not sure if this was allowed because this was a solo challenge and I know the student handbook had specifically mentioned plagiarism, but this was code I had written earlier.  I played around with tricks that I had learned after the last unit such as border-radius(to make rounded borders on my nav buttons).  This also helped my understanding of the display: block; command used to turn inline elements into block elements to style them appropriately.  I also used border-shadow on my header just to play around with the effect .  It also took me awhile to remember what I had read about positioning and get the text to show on top of my image using relative position. I spent more time that I had planned on the challenge, but wanted to get the problem solved and had a lot of fun playing with the page.  www.w3schools.com has been a fantastic resource for me in understanding the various HTML and CSS elements. 

On a side note, I am continuing to work full time through phase 0 and this challenge has me wondering whether leaving my job sooner than anticipated is something I should consider.  I will give it another week and make that decision when I have had more time to reflect on my learning curve and abilities.  I am trying to work through the parts of week 1 sooner than I have to in order to give myself time over the weekend to review, take notes, and really understand what I need to be spending more time on.  I think this will help me overall and I don't want to wait until the last minute to complete and fully comprehend these units.

HTML and CSS are great and I find it very rewarding to see the front end of the design using these languages.  THese are the languages that I was vaguely familiar with prior to enrolling at DBC so I would love to achieve a level of solid ability with these over the next two weeks.