# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.


Responsive web design is an absolute must now that I have researched it a bit.  It was a topic I knew we would be covering soon, because as I play with my dbc2.html and index.html files I notice that the elements look like crap when i resize the page.  I knew then that this was something we would be getting to and we had to learn. Your page must render on all devices and look crisp and elegant, otherwise what is the point.  With the amount of devices you can use to access web pages and apps, a responsive design seems to be a necessity.  In a lot of case, a consumer will be accessing your page more on a mobile device than they will from a laptop or home pc.  Also having a site that is scalable for different devices rather than having multiple different static webpages makes life for the developers easier as it relates to scaling and new implementations.

Through the coursework learning that changing fixed items from px to % can have a large effect of the fluidity and responsiveness of your site.  Also this is the first time in any of our material that math is incorporated. Its important to understand how your different divs and elements will break down to a smaller screen, so we need to get the exact percentages for divs and margins to make things look as they should.  I also found a great video about how to link to different css files that are specifically designed for smaller devices using media query -- media screen and max-width.  I know this was possible, but found a good youtube video that helped me with the concept and code. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIz02qY5BRA.  This video also introduced the concept of screen real-estate and only including vital info in your smaller layouts.  THis is something I had not thought of, but makes perfect sense for usability and functionality.

The question above about designing for visually impaired people really made me think.  At first I said to myself, What is the best way to solve this problem? I though about user interfaces that incorporate sounds- especially as it relates the the pseudo elements :hover we have just been learning about. If we make a website so the content has a built in audio to play the text and each link, when hovered plays a sound telling the user where the link will direct them.  I absolutely think we can develop for visually impaired people, but we need to focus more on user interface and usability tha the visually appeal of the page.  I didn't spend too much time thinking this over, but it's something i'll continue to ponder as I learn more.